Enable VS4Mac inner-loop debugging. (#2324)
dotnet/aspnetcore-tooling: src/Razor/src/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Mac.RazorAddin/README.md

# Debugging VS4Mac

1. [Install latest VS4Mac](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/mac/). Can upgrade installed version to the [preview channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/mac/install-preview?view=vsmac-2019) if needed.
2. Open the Razor.sln
3. Under `Visual Studio -> Preferences -> SDK Locations -> .NET Core` update the Location to point to your local aspnetcore-tooling dotnet:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2008729/89470183-ff9aef00-d72f-11ea-9465-e57c46512e50.png)
4. Double-click on the `Microsoft.VisualStudio.Mac.RazorAddin` project and update the `Run Configuration: Default` section (`Start External Program` & `Environment Variables`):
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2008729/89469594-98306f80-d72e-11ea-8ae3-4e652f9e75c6.png)

5. Right click the `Microsoft.VisualStudio.Mac.RazorAddin` project and `Set As Startup Project`.

> 6. Now you're just about ready to "run". One last thing you need to do to ensure WebTools can load our locally built assemblies so we need to update binding redirects. Open the `~/Applications/Visual Studio.app/Contents/Resources/lib/monodevelop/bin/VisualStudio.exe.config` and update the binding redirects of the following to 42.42.42.42:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Open the `~/Applications/Visual Studio.app/Contents/Resources/lib/monodevelop/bin/VisualStudio.exe.config` and update the binding redirects of the following to 42.42.42.42. This ensures WebTools can load our locally built assemblies so we need to update binding redirects. 
```

    - Microsoft.VisualStudio.Editor.Razor
    - Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.Workspaces
    Example:
    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2008729/89469968-7be10280-d72f-11ea-98af-d731c20167dd.png)

> 7. Go back to your Razor.sln and hit run! You should now be able to hit breakpoints with your locally built code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Go back to your Razor.sln and click run. You should now be able to hit breakpoints with your locally built code.
```
